{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Thanh Le\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Passionate, professional senior software engineer with strong architecture skills and the ability to learn quickly. Committed high quality, reusable, testable code and user experience that will stand the test of time. Love functional programming and open source.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 6/2021 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.grokking.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Grokking Vietnam
}}}
:}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Grokking Vietnam is a nonprofit organization dedicated to building and supporting a high-quality community of software engineers in Vietnam.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Contributor for our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://newsletter.grokking.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
newsletter
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Leading a team of five people on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/grokking-vietnam/grox"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Grox project
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Program Director since 7/2022\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 4/2020 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.technocreatives.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Senior Software Developer - The Techno Creatives
}}}
:}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tyrilights.com/intellilight/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Tyri IntelliLight
}}}
: A project includes mobile apps and back-end for setting up, controlling and sharing Tyri products with Bluetooth mesh.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Responsible for back-end using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
SpringBoot
}}}
, Kotlin, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/arrow-kt/arrow/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Arrow
}}}
, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://r2dbc.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
r2dbc
}}}
, PostgreSQL, Redis, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.testcontainers.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Test Containers
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Update API and add {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bluetooth_mesh_networking"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Bluetooth Mesh
}}}
 module to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/technocreatives/beckon-android"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Beckon-Android
}}}
 library.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Use {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://kotlinlang.org/docs/multiplatform-mobile-getting-started.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Kotlin multiplatform mobile
}}}
 and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cashapp.github.io/sqldelight/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
SqlDelight
}}}
 to implement the Database layer for IOS and Android Apps.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rentr.se"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
rentr.se
}}}
 - A trailers rental service.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab A part of a back-end team using Rust, Kotlin, GraphQL, RabbitMQ.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implement a POC of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/divvun/divvunspell"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Divvun Spell Checking
}}}
 plugin for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://omegat.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
OmegaT app
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Rust, Java, Kotlin, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/java-native-access/jna"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
JNA
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab A part of Android hiring team which includes: Screen candidate profiles, review assignments and technical interviews.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 8/2018 - 4/2020\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.technocreatives.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Software Developer - The Techno Creatives
}}}
:}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Starting as an Android developer, I was responsible for the architecture design for most Android projects. Introduced functional programming, MVI architecture and other design patterns to our team. During this period, I started to become a multi-discipline developer by working with different languages and products.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://axkid.com/sv/product/axkid-connect/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Axkid Connect Android App
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Work with firmware team on debugging and protocol\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Responsible for App architecture and BLE integration.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/technocreatives/beckon-android"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Beckon-Android
}}}
 - A BLE library for Android.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Design and implement the library\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The library was designed to be used in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://axkid.com/sv/product/axkid-connect/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Axkid Connect Android App
}}}
 and then other teams adopted it for other BLE related projects such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.weret.app"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Weret Android App
}}}
.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/divvun/gut"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Gut
}}}
 - A Git multi repo maintenance CLI tool.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The app is being used widely in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://divvun.no/en/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Divvun organization
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.24rental.se/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
24rental
}}}
 - an MVP of trailer rental service.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Implement back-end using NodeJS, Typescript, PostgreSQL\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 6/2016 - 6/2018\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20170428110344/http://localift.net:80/about-us/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Senior Android Developer - Localift
}}}
(Remote Position)}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Localift was an Australian startup which works with smart cities, companies and communities to deliver trusted shared mobility solutions, reducing congestion, economic costs and environmental impacts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The main responsible for the development Android App. App features include: ride tracking, ride scheduling, mapping integration (geocoding, place search, map interactions), friend lists, groups, messaging, push notifications, calendar integration, Facebook integration.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab After May 2017, including the responsibility for maintaining, deploying back-end (nodejs) and IOS app (Swift) after the CTO resigned.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 11/2015 - 5/2016\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Android Developer - CommonWealth Bank Vietnam}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Develop the first MVP version of a banking application for Android which is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tyme.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
TymeGlobal
}}}
 now.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 1/2015 - 11/2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20150801095851/http://evilgeniustechnologies.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Senior Android Developer - Evil Genius Technologies
}}}
}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Develop {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.followupboss.crm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.followupboss.com
}}}
 app on Android.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 9/2013 - 12/2014\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.saritasa.vn/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Android Developer - Saritasa Vietnam
}}}
}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Various Android projects\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 5/2011 - 9/2013\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Freelancer Android Developer}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Various Android projects\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 11/2009 - 5/2011\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.fpt-software.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Mobile Developer - FPT Software
}}}
}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Develop games and applications for different mobile platforms in C, C++, J2ME, Android, IOS.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Side Projects and Open Source\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Side Projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/grokking-vietnam/grox"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Grox
}}}
:} Building an Interpreter in Scala 3 by using functional programming techniques(Following {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://craftinginterpreters.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Crafting Interpreters book
}}}
)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/lenguyenthanh/compilers"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Compilers
}}}
:} A place for me to learn/experiment with interpreters/compilers, type theory and functional programming.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/lenguyenthanh/RxArrow"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
RxArrow
}}}
:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ReactiveX/rxjava"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
RxJava
}}}
 extensions for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/arrow-kt/arrow/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Arrow
}}}
\u8217's Data Types\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/lenguyenthanh/schack"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Schack
}}}
:} Chess logic library in Scala 3.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Open Source\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/arrow-kt/arrow/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Arrow
}}}
 - Functional library for Kotlin:} I am a contributor and a member of the maintainer commit\u233?e.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/lichess-org/scalachess"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
ScalaChess
}}}
 - Chess API written in Scala. Immutable and free of side effects:} I rewrote {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portable_Game_Notation"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
PGN
}}}
 parser part of the library by using a Parser Combinators library {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/typelevel/cats-parse"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
cats-parse
}}}
 which improved the speed of the parsing part by 300%.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://lichess.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Lichess
}}}
 - The second largest internet chess server in the world:} Some small bug fixes, mostly related to scalachess.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Programming Languages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As a multi-discipline developer, I am fairly proficient in several programming languages. In the last few years I have been using these programming languages in professional or personal context(in alphabetical order): Elm, Haskell, Java, Javascript, Kotlin, Lua, Python, Rust, Scala 2, Scala 3, Swift, Typescript.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Human Languages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Vietnamese (native speaker)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab English (Fluent)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2007-2011\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Bachelor of Software Engineering}; FPT University (Hanoi - Vietnam)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Academic Honors and Awards\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 2009 Regional ACM/ICPC Competition at Phuket/Thailand - Encourage Prize\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 2009 Vietnam National ACM/ICPC Competition - Second Prize\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 2008 Vietnam National Mathematics Olympiad for student - Third Prize\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 2007 Full Scholarship at FPT University\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 2006 Took part in the Vietnam National Mathematics Olympiad\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:lenguyenthanh@hotmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
lenguyenthanh@hotmail.com
}}}
 \u8226? +46 73 145 4318 \u8226?\line Gothenburg, Sweden\par}
}
